is your business missing predictable
income do you know how to estimate how
much money is coming in next month or is
the sales cycle a little bit more feast
and famine if you're like many
entrepreneurs you have adopted a launch
model or there's certain times of the
year where you sell your product you
sell that thing that you offer and the
rest of the time it's just a little bit
more hit or miss it's difficult to
navigate it's difficult to predict and
frankly it can be very overwhelming
today my All-Star guest is Kelly roach
she is a very accomplished eight fig
your earner she runs multiple companies
multiple businesses offers multiple
coaching programs and today what she's
going to share with us is a little bit
of the knowledge that she's brought to
entrepreneurship from her time as a
Fortune 500 executive with that
knowledge she's been able to teach other
entrepreneurs how to create sustainable
income predictable income and how to
shorten the sales cycle today in this
episode you're going to learn five
actionable ways for you to start making
more money in your business today
without having to create yet another
another new product or offer listen even
yours truly I took pages and pages of
scribbled notes and we've got some real
room for improvement I have to say this
was an eye-opening experience just
recording this episode is going to make
me more money this year without having
to put extra pressure on me to create so
without further Ado we get right to it
with my guest Kelly
roach Kelly thank you so much first of
all for joining me for this conversation
I'm so happy to be here I am too like
this is going to be really great by the
way your podcast is fantastic loaded
with quick actionable often motivational
very tactical content for anyone who's
an entrepreneur thank you it's it's it's
one of those things that I just I love
and I put my heart into it's like a long
game thing you know yeah yeah it's it's
fun to do one of the episodes I listened
to you were talking about a problem that
is it plagues I think many entrepreneurs
especially those who got all all excited
and kind of wrapped up into the launch
model right where they have a program or
an offer that they offer once a year
maybe twice a year and they put all of
their eggs into one basket it's the most
stressful week or two weeks of their
lives and they get this giant windfall
and then they wait for the next one but
in between it's famine you know what I
mean so I I think that I'd love to have
this conversation about how do we create
predictable income what what can we do
so that we we know how much or we have a
a better gauge of and how we can bring
an additional income between those
launch periods absolutely and I mean I
love launching I teach the live launch
I'm a huge fan of entrepreneurs using it
to make those big leaps in your business
right yeah but referring revenue is for
sanity and this is what I say to every
entrepreneur that I talk to the bills
are going to come every single day 3 65
days a year the sales need to also right
because there's always unexpected things
that come up there's always Investments
that you want to make in order to take
the business to the next level and to
your point like no one needs more stress
in their life right everyone's plate is
full everyone is managing and dealing
with so much so the first thing is is I
always tell people like you have to
think through the lens of I'm building a
business that makes me money every day
of the year and when you think that way
and you're getting into launching you're
going to say to yourself okay I might
have two launches of this product
throughout the course of the year but
what is the relationship between this
product or these two products that I
have a big launch for and and how that
game of catch is going to continue in
between describe what you mean by game
of catch yeah so it's like we're just
building relationships right that's all
we're doing all day every day we're
creating content we're sharing podcasts
we're recording stories we're doing
posts online
right it's a game of catch and a lot of
people are playing a one-way game they
throw content out there they never
actually interact with the people in
their audience and then they hope
something gets lobbed back their way
right and it's really easy in a launch
yes because there's there's scarcity
there's urgency there's an open cart
there's a closed cart there's bonuses
there's all these things that happen
inside of laune that even if you've been
playing a a one-sided game of catch you
can still do really really well all
because of the nature of the launch but
a lot of people are not thinking in
their business about how does this game
of catch continue outside of launch
without taking away from all those
amazing things during launch the
scarcity the urgency the bonuses the
open cart the closed cart that we want
to keep intact in order to make that so
meaningful right right so when you think
about the sales in your business this is
the easiest way to think about it most
people think about selling in a
one-dimensional manner go get more
clients that is how most entrepreneurs
think about their sales but there's
really five categories of ways that you
can be making sales in your business
every day without killing yourself
without being on a constant treadmill
without wondering where the next sale is
going to come from what are those five
categories okay so the first one is your
own current clients right most people
don't talk to their own current clients
they don't there's not a lot of
conversation happening right it doesn't
even need to be you it could be your
customer service team it could be your
client services team it could be your
operations team it could be the manager
of your company if you're not even
active in the day-to-day but your
current clients want more from you okay
whether it's you giving an add-on
service a bolt on to the existing
subscription that they're already part
of okay a VIP opportunity right so it's
increasing their lifetime value exactly
okay exactly and this is this is a good
way to think about it let's say someone
listening to the show today sells a low
ticket subscription your easiest sales
are offering a very limited quality
really high value High ticket offer
because there's a huge pool of people in
that low ticket offer that would love
and easily drop $20,000 $30,000 for VIP
access to you that is never usually
available now let's flip it on the other
side let's say that someone listening
today only sells High ticket you do to
get coaching or consulting or speaking
or maybe you know you do onetoone
Services of some kind well if you threw
out there some type of easy to digest
instantly available offer it could be a
one-day intensive it could be a course
it could be a you know one thing that
you only release once a year of course
all your customers are going to jump on
that and a whole bunch of people that
never usually buy from you even though
they consume all your stuff online
because they can't afford your high
ticket thing okay what's our second
category the second category is going to
be your past customers this to me is the
biggest Miss in the world of
Entrepreneurship I came from the Fortune
500 World a huge part of our sales that
we made every single week was from us
going back to our past customers and
making them new offers to work with us
again this is something that when I came
to the world of
Entrepreneurship I was literally my mind
was blown because when I got into
internet marketing I was like oh my gosh
the only thing you focus on here is
getting new customers that's it no one
ever talks about anything else besides
that right right right so your past
customers love you like many people
think of our businesses right you can
have and again I I want to give everyone
a little sense of relief it doesn't need
to be you that does all of this and when
it comes to reactivating past customers
to get them to buy again an operations
person can do this for you an admin
person can do this your client services
person can do this these are people that
already know you like you trust you and
have had a good experience with you all
you need is someone to continue the game
of catch what about that updated email
campaign exactly you can do an updated
email campaign you can offer them some
type of loyalty VIP access offer a lot
of your past customers may not even know
all the new offers that you have a lot
of your past right so a lot of people
just let them sit in the general
audience like they're like oh well my
past customers know what I'm doing they
they see me on social they know what I'm
doing
that's not the same as you reaching out
to a customer and saying hey Sarah thank
you so much for investing in abcxyz in
2021 I don't know if you know this but
right now we're in open registration for
abcxyz or right now we have this you
know endof year you know invitation
going on where you can invest $4.97 or
9.97 or whatever it is it is so easy to
make these sales it's not even selling
it's just creating awareness through
relationship building by keeping the KE
of catch going Kelly such a good good
good reminder because our and a lot of
our past customers they love us and they
they like you said they don't they don't
even your most loyal followers on social
media they're not seeing even one
fraction of one tenth percent of what
we're putting out there they don't know
what we're doing they don't know about
our offers so that's I love those two
what's our third category yeah so our
third one is going to be referrals right
and this is another one again most
business owners are like oh I got
referrals I get referrals like everybody
says like they hear referrals they're
like I get referrals when my customer
has someone they send them my way and
they assume they're getting referrals
but that's different than having a
referral marketing plan where your
business is actually referable it's
really easy for someone to refer people
to you it it's it's a pathway that is
like a simple quick fix your customers
know exactly the kind of person that you
want to work with you have an offer that
people can buy that is outside of launch
okay so that you can be making sales
every day of the year when someone loves
you and they're having a great
experience with you and they're like oh
hey you should check out what's going on
with Bobby Sally blah blah blah a lot of
people will send people to a weight list
page this person doesn't know you
they've never worked with you before
this person just hyped you up to them
told them how amazing you were why they
need to be working with you they then go
and get your weight list page for how
they can join in six months when you
open again yeah no in six months they
don't even remember your name we're
going to circle back to that product
outside of LA launch conversation after
we hear our fourth and fifth category
yeah definitely so the other one is
reactivations right renewals let's talk
about renewals okay so this this is one
of the other ones that I see and and
this is one of the things I work on with
my clients a lot right a lot of people's
mindset when they buy from you is
they're going to come in they're going
to do the thing that you deliver that
you teach or whatever your product or
service is and they're going to check
the box and people by nature are like
very um they're almost like very frantic
scattered what's the next thing where do
I need to go next what do I need to do
next easily distracted and yeah yeah
exactly and I mean it's just human
nature right just we either
procrastinate or we're always chasing
the next thing or whatever we're busy
there's a lot of distraction and you
know a lot of people don't have a
renewal strategy and a renewal strategy
is it's make or break for your business
and I say this to people all the time
when I'm working with someone on scaling
their business business a lot of people
think that scale is all about customer
acquisition but a lot of businesses that
are solely focused on customer
acquisition have such high churn because
they're not getting the renewals that no
matter how many customers they keep
bringing in on the front end they have
to sell more and more just to cover
what's falling out on the back end which
means they can't scale and if they do
scale it's not sustainable because it's
it's coming out the bottom as fast as
it's coming in the top so when you think
about renewals for everybody listening
think about it in one of three ways a
how is it attractive or why is it
attractive for someone to do your thing
again most people in their mind are not
going to just do your thing again just
because so what are you doing to make it
attractive what are you doing to make it
special what are you doing to make it
meaningful do they get extra access is
there uh you know a year two or a season
two or a level two like what is it that
is a reason why someone would say that's
number one number two is is there some
type of maintenance program right let's
say that you run High tickets so I'll
give example of high ticket and low
ticket like if you run High ticket lots
of people are going to come in and
they're going to do your thing it's
$30,000 it's $50,000 like the most the
people that I work with are are in those
categories right not everyone wants to
go do this super intense super high
touch thing a second year in a row but a
lot of service providers that provide
really high value services like that
they don't have a maintenance
opportunity so if someone doesn't want
to do year two there's like
bye when you say can I ask for uh a
little Clarity around a a maintenance
offer or a renewal offer is this a is it
like a smaller scale down version of
what they're getting is it a completely
different offer yeah it can be anything
so let me give a couple examples right
so if you run a program for example
let's say you have a high touch you know
coaching or Consulting offer a
maintenance program might be that they
get a portion of that content and they
get access to some like weekly live call
or whatever so there's a way that they
can get questions answered and there's a
way that they have access to you or the
team or whatever but they're not getting
all the other components that go with
that high ticket offer so what does that
mean no extra work for you and the team
no extra cost in order to deliver right
but now you get to keep a customer and
most people that buy in a service-based
capacity buy habitually and cyclically
which means they're going to Zig in and
out they're going to Zig in and out but
if you don't stay in touch with them you
don't keep the game of catch going and
there's no reason for them to stay you
lose them and then you have to start the
whole process over to resell them as if
they were a prospect let's talk about
timing
so I don't want to offer somebody a
lesser offer a renewal even a
maintenance program if I'm not yet
certain if they're going going to
automatically renew for the next year at
the you know the highest level so talk
to me about what that looks like are we
first letting them make that decision or
are we offering this this uh opportunity
to them before it's time to renew that's
a great yeah that's such a good question
the first piece of advice that I would
give everyone is make it attractive and
special for someone to renew when I look
at 99% of the businesses that I work
with there is no reason for someone to
say there's nothing extra there's
nothing special there's no reason why
someone would say why would I just stay
and do more of the same in their mind
they're thinking I need to go somewhere
else and I need to learn the next thing
they're not thinking oh let me just sit
here for another six months or another
year so objective number one is like get
them to renew in place at least at the
price point that they're already at but
then let's say someone comes to you and
they're like you know what I I I don't
think this is right for me like I don't
want to do another six months or another
year of abcxyz well that's when you
pivot into well here's the maintenance
opportunity if you love our team if
you've loved interacting with our
content and you just want to get either
content only or access only or whatever
the case that's when having a
maintenance offer is so valuable because
it costs you nothing to deliver it's no
extra work it costs you nothing you
don't need extra team members you don't
do any marketing for it it is literally
a mechanism to keep that relationship in
place and to keep that customer even if
they're at a lower tier that's going to
impact your margin that has a huge swing
in the overall performance of the
business right what has your experience
been or your understanding of what
things customers find most valuable and
that in entice and motivate them to
renew I know we're speaking very
generally but no no yeah it's a it's a
great question I think it's a couple
things so number one they want something
new let's just be honest let's be honest
most people have that they're like itchy
they're they're they want something
right so it is so easy we know that all
of us that are content creators that are
teaching something the vast majority of
people that go through our stuff they
complete an itty bitty little fraction
right of what we're putting in there
Absolut so for 99% of people listening
to this show right now you could pull a
couple things out of your main offer
that could become part of the year two
offer and no one would ever miss it and
actually there's been studies done on
retention there's this great book that I
love and it is literally like a 20
minute read it's called retention point
and they did all these studies on
retaining customers and renewing
customers and what the study said is
when when you offer the customer all of
these things and the customer doesn't
have time to access them and the
customer doesn't go through them they're
more likely to disconnect and then not
renew because in their mind they're like
why am I paying for something that I'm
not I'm not using yeah yeah it's that
wasteful feel that feeling like oh my
gosh I have wasted this that's exactly
it that's exactly it so this is this is
a process I went through because in my
year one initially of my Flagship
program I used to have like a training
library of like 300 modules right I am
like the kind of teacher that like I
want to cover every single part of
business strategy I want to give you
everything I'm like here's your life
right and I was having that exact thing
so what I did was I separated year one
and then the next year and I'll I'll
talk about like up let's talk about
upsells in a second because I think a
lot of people don't have that in place
either and that's another really easy
one I just literally separate it out
into what is absolutely essential in
your one that someone needs which ended
up being like a very small fraction like
50 of the 300 and then we others and we
space them into the other tiers of the
program yeah the other thing I would say
that I think about that that's really
important now is that people's mental
load is like unbelievable high right now
yep right so I think we have to think
differently I think there was a time
earlier on in internet marketing where
people were just like give me everything
and I'll listen to Everything I think
people have a lot on their plates right
now I think there's a lot going on in
the world I think we have to be really
cognizant of the operating reality of
the consumer right now and I think in a
lot of ways less is more I also think
that there's so much more now to know as
especially someone who's marketing their
business online or it is an online
business or you're delivering a digital
product or there's any online component
to it it is so much more complex than
what it once was and so there is a lot
to learn and I think you run the risk of
the entrepreneur runs a risk of being
very easily distracted by whatever
somebody's talking about now that's what
I need to do yes you do need to do it
but not now like there's an order to
these things so I really like the
scaling back our offer to like yeah I
know I want to teach them everything but
what is the minimum that they need right
now so I don't add to that overwhelm
what is your fifth and final category
okay can I just give one more thing on
that to answer your question before we
move on because I think there's one
other because you were asking what would
entice someone to renew right special
access a new or different set of content
or being categorized with people that
are also like next level right how easy
would it be for someone who has a
subscription to have a tier 2 Facebook
group that their team manages where all
the people that are at the next level go
cost you nothing feels completely
different to the consumer to be with a
higher tier so I just wanted to mention
those things because I think a lot of
times people think oh my gosh I need to
go create and you know they they blow
these things up everything that I'm
talking about here are things that you
can do without spending an additional
Dollar on marketing without spending an
additional Dollar on Team without
creating new programs without creating
new infrastructure so I think it's just
being a little bit more thoughtful
instead of being like onedimensional in
your sales approach to say I can have
money coming into my business every day
but in these different ways I like that
you mentioned that tier two which makes
me think about Community how much of
belonging to something yeah um and
Community like what can somebody do
who's like really trying to increase the
renewals what can they do to Foster
Community if it's an online program or
not where there's a some online
component to it let's just say well
that's exactly it you're you're 100%
right so many people will renew just
because they like the community but if
your community is kind of eh or let's
say someone's been following your stuff
and studying your stuff for five years
and they're pretty Advanced at what you
do and you're constantly every six
months you're launching and you're
bringing in newbies that are asking the
same freaking question 18 times in the
group now they feel this community is
not valuable for me anymore this
community is not the right match for me
I need to move on and find a different
one that's why I'm saying if you start a
community that just separates out the
people that have completed cycle one
year one tier one whatever you want to
call it and you say hey I'm gonna
connect and create this inner circle of
people that have already done the basics
that can have conversation dialogue and
back and forth about the next level
that's going to be valuable to them
whereas being in that Community with
everyone coming in where they feel like
they could answer all the questions it's
not valuable anymore and that's why they
feel like it makes sense to move on yeah
this is a wake up call I'm I mean
there's we have a couple of programs
where I I know that's exactly what we
need to do so this super helpful yeah
it's basic stuff right but it's it's you
know it's it's so interesting because I
think in the world of internet marketing
like in the sphere that we all live in
it's so different because these things
don't really get talked about so it's
like you kind of forget yeah you forget
what's important what's your fifth
category yeah so the the fifth one is
new prospects and and the thing I would
say with this is making sure your offer
ladder makes sense right so I kind of
mentioned this already but again let's
assume that people that are listening
today they already got the memo on
launching and they're like cool I do my
launch a couple times a year I get that
I know that's going to be like my big
cash injection but that leaves 10 other
months of the year that I need sales
coming in every day yes we gave you we
gave you the past customers right we
talked about your current customers
doing upsells and add-ons and and
increasing their lifetime value we
talked about your past customers right
we talked about renewals talked about
reactivations bringing people back right
a maintenance offer you know a a Downs
whatever it is but new prospects again
what is the equal opposite to the thing
that you are launching that you know
that everyone who wants this would also
like that and what's an easy thing that
you can be selling and I I love to do
wait a second I got to back you up you
called it the equal opposite yeah like
if this then that right so like if you
sell okay let's just insta club right wa
like you have this amazing Instagram
Club where everyone you know wants to
learn how to you know get on Instagram
we have the subscription by the way
we've been members for I think two years
now so they have that but what is
something that also you know all of
these people that are investing in insta
Club Hub I always say it wrong insta
Club Hub what what is something that all
of these people if you know that they
want to grow their businesses on social
media and they want to do it on
Instagram what's an easy thing that they
would pick up that would go hand inand
side by side with that like email
writing campaigns things that we don't
are not a part of insta clubhub we don't
teach them business foundational pieces
it's just Instagram growth amazing so
that's something that people you can be
selling on social media every single day
people that are coming into your
ecosystem they may not even know about
the Instagram program yet because it
might be five more months until you
release that the next time but if they
want to grow on social media the the
first thing you're going to do is start
an email list right you got to get your
email list going right away yeah right
yeah you're growing your you're growing
your Instagram but a lot of our current
members they they don't know what
they're growing it for exactly what
they're going to do exactly how to M and
and I love to do something like where I
I love to do things where it's
pre-selling where you're not this this
is the mistake that I see from people
right they'll be like okay I don't have
a launch this month but I need to make
money so every month they're like making
up a new product and every day they're
talking about something different and
they're all over the place and you're
like you're not selling anything okay
because they're just it it's it's too
surface level you know people only see
an any bitty fraction like if you want
to get a message across and sell
something and like really sell it you
have to be consistent and you have to be
frequent and you have to put it out
there A lot of times especially now
so I'll do something where like I have
something coming up now it's a half day
intensive I'm going to teach live right
we'll sell that for a month and a half
in between launches and we'll make sales
every single day just doing posts and
stories and including it in the content
and mentioning it on the podcast so
that's not happening I don't have to
pre-record anything I don't have to
create anything new I don't have to do
anything besides that one little session
I'm going to show up and deliver for but
for a month and a half we can can be
making sales every day from social from
the email list from the podcast for
something that's in the future without
constantly scrambling to say oh my gosh
what are we gonna sell today okay so
then if I hear you correctly you are
suggesting that the entrepreneur who's
living right now in a launch model is in
a cycle of stress and also leaving money
on the table and they're not taking care
of their customers they're they're kind
of ghosting them after they've bought
into the the launch they decide they
were like you know 80 90% ready to buy
but for whatever reason they didn't it
was a wrong timing they don't have the
money whatever their reasoning is right
now and that entrepreneur who's stuck in
that launch life needs to create
additional things that they can sell
throughout the year do you suggest that
those things like the example you just
gave was a a halfday event that feels
like something that's almost like a mini
launch you're just talking about it for
a month or so what about Evergreen
things that people can buy any anytime
so let me share my perspective on that
and and I think my perspective is
probably very different than a lot of
other people's and and but because my
core business is is a product that
starts at 30,000 then goes to 50,000
then goes to 85,000 that's not the
average entrepreneur right so let me
give some context to what I'm saying and
then I'll tell you why I'm saying it
Okay the reason why when I'm selling
something low ticket in between Lunes I
would prefer for it to be something live
where people interact with me because
what I am doing is I Am brand building
and I'm creating a huge future internal
buyers list of people that bought a
little thing that will then go buy a
much bigger thing from me so I would
prefer people to come spend three four
hours with me for 500 bucks and be like
holy crap like yes what else does this
girl sell how do I work with her yeah
I'll spend $30,000 with this person
because you know I I just got a preview
of what this can be like now if you're
listening to this show and your core
product is $1,000
$3,000 $5,000 then you may not really be
as concerned about trying to get people
over that hump um or think about it in
that way but I think the most important
thing that I would say of this entire
conversation is going back to the first
thing that you mentioned which was
lifetime value of a
customer if you build a business model
that is focused around exceptional
service except client results and
keeping your customers for as long as
humanly possible you will deliver well
for them you will build a great
reputation and your brand and business
will grow and I know that's like Kelly
That's So Captain Obvious why are you
even saying that but that's not how most
people are building their businesses
online and it's why people are
struggling it's why if you look at the
chart of businesses going out of
business in 2023 it's a hockey stick
like this and the reason why is because
everyone has been skating on the surface
of how do I do the least how do I
interact with my customers the least how
do I deliver the least how do I automate
everything and never actually show up
right and so my whole thing is like
sometimes it's worth there being like an
inverse disparity in like what you're
charging versus what you're giving
because of the brand building and the
futuristic what that does for that
relationship if that makes sense so I
think products are awesome I have a I
have a thing called virtual business
school where we sell like you know like
little courses and stuff like that but
even with that we gift them eight weeks
of live calls because we don't want
someone just buying a product from us
never interacting with the team they may
or may not complete it and then they're
like H I bought from that Kelly roach
once before not really you know I didn't
really get much out of it and you're
like well they probably didn't complete
the information then they probably had
questions that they never got answered
right and so it's kind of like a
self-fulfilling prophecy you know yeah
but you know what you're describing for
that solopreneur or the entrepreneur who
has hasn't scaled their team uh what
you're describing does require a lot
more bandwidth a lot more of you and the
followup it's almost like an
accountability for the customer it's
like listen you bought it I'm gonna make
sure you get something out of it right
and that requires it requires a team
um or you going crazy and you know
yourself trying to fulfill on those
things so yeah what what things need to
be in place what what is the in terms of
a mindset for that person who wants to
take their business from maybe low six
figures and they're in this mindset
where it's like well I I have to do
everything myself because I'm not making
enough money to be able to justify all
these extra people what what needs to
change in terms of their mindset well I
think the first thing is that I would
venture to Guess that anyone who decided
to become an entrepreneur that one of
the things on your list of values was
freedom to begin with and most
entrepreneurs work more hours and make
less money than they did in their job
fact fact yeah and the reason why is
that most of what is taught in the
online space is that you're the face of
the brand you're the star you're you're
gonna kind of do everything be
everything you might have like a VA in
the Philippines or a part-time admin or
whatever the case but you don't really
have a team backing you up it's not
really something I wrote a book on it I
got so mad about it that I wrote a book
on it it's called bigger than you the
entrepreneurs guide to building an
Unstoppable dream team and the whole
thing is to close the freedom loop as an
entrepreneur you need to be surrounded
by great people people that are invested
in building with you people that their
dream fits inside your dream and so
they're going to go all in on the
Mission Vision and goal of this company
because they they see their future there
they believe that there is a future
there for them and that's a whole
another conversation maybe we can have
on another show hey I just wanted to
remind those of you who are listening
that I recently did an episode with
another Guru our secret weapon that is
Michelle Pinelli and we specifically
broke down how it is you grow a team so
if that's something you're struggling
with I highly encourage you to look at
the link below in our show description
to that episode it's a must for anyone
who knows they need to grow their team
or you can watch it here on YouTube all
right back to Kelly to answer your
question I think it's instead of saying
how do I take as much money out of the
business as fast as I can saying how do
I put the money back into my business so
that I can build an infrastructure for
sustainability so that I have the time
mentally and physically to care for
myself and to build a sustainable
business that's going to allow me to
thrive as like a human because let's be
honest like trying to do this all
yourself I don't care if you have a
business doing $50,000 a year $5 million
a year it's not sustainable right yeah
so but but I do think there's lots of
things if you focus on lifetime value
and you focus on some of the things that
we talk about here today you need far
fewer customers in order to get to your
overall goals if your business is
efficient from the standpoint of you
retain your customers you get them to
stay longer you get them to spend more
you're not having constant churn
constant churn is the most inefficient
way to build a business and it's what
causes a lot of burnout so they kind of
go hand in hand you know so good I mean
tons of wisdom Kelly thank you so much I
I really want people to who've listened
and I know you had lots of aha moments
want you to relisten and take some notes
and then create for yourself an action
plan and and maybe you don't have to
take action in all five of these areas
but even if you just picked one you're
going to increase your earning potential
exponentially and I think perhaps even
more importantly get back some of that
time because we spend so much time and
money and headache and overwhelm focused
on as you said like putting more people
at the top of the funnel when we've got
all these people who are already in the
funnel people who already want our
products people who have already raised
their hand and said I I like and trust
you I like trust and know you sell me
something else super valuable I know I'm
going to have my team listen in on this
because there's definitely some areas
that we can improve upon cool where are
you most active where can people reach
out to you yeah I mean I would say come
listen to The Kelly roach show and it's
business strategy and inspiration and
its ideas to grow your business and I'd
love to have you come and take a listen
I would say absolute must must subscribe
it's fantastic the episodes are nice and
short very tactical very actionable oh
also just in case people are listening
to this in real time are there still
spots available for your half day event
oh there is millionaire time secrets and
you can just DM me on on Instagram my
Instagram handle is Kelly roach official
just DM me time secrets and I'll share
some information over but it's a great
way to learn how to build a sustainable
business and put your faith and your
family and the the other things that you
care about in your life first by really
understanding a sustainable time
management system for how you grow I
love it and you'll also find a link to
that event if you're happening to listen
at the right time of the year you'll
find that in our show description Kelly
thanks again you're awesome thanks for
having
me
[Music]
n